[lasers zapping]
- BIO HAZHARD BATTLE BLAST 5:
CROTCHY RETURNS
IS THE BEST GAME EVER.
- OKAY,
YOU CAN STOP SAYING THAT NOW.
- OHH.
- CARLOS,
DON'T BLOW UP THE AMMO.
I WAS SAVING THAT FOR LATER.
- YEAH, AND I WANTED
THE PLATINUM CONTROLLER.
- NO, NO, NO.
- AUGH!
- JAMES,
YOU BETRAYED ME?
- YOU'RE SLOWING US DOWN.
- I WAS WATCHING YOUR BACK.
- YEAH,
AND YOU'RE REALLY BAD AT IT.
- OH, OH,
YEAH, WELL, AM I BAD AT THIS?
AHH!
[all arguing]
- PLEASE, STOP.
HAVE YOU GUYS NOTICED
WE CAN'T SPEND FIVE MINUTES
TOGETHER LATELY
WITHOUT FIGHTING?
- AUUUGH!
- [laughs]
ARRGH!
- AUUUGH!
- WELL,
I CAN'T LIVE LIKE THIS ANYMORE,
SO I'M MOVING OUT.
- OH,
WAY AHEAD OF YOU HERE, BOY.
- WAIT,
WHERE DID YOU GET THE--
- I AM SO NOT GONNA MISS
ANY OF YOU.
CARLOS OUT.
- JAMES OUT.
[all arguing]
- NOBODY IS MOVING OUT.
NOW,
WE HAVE BEEN FRIENDS FOREVER,
AND WE'RE PERFECTLY CAPABLE OF
SPENDING FIVE MINUTES TOGETHER
WITHOUT FIGHTING,
RIGHT?
[together]
HE'S RIGHT. YES. FINE. YEAH.
- I HATE ALL OF YOU.
- DO NOT FOLLOW ME.
- I'M MOVING OUT.
- * AH, AH, AH-AH, OH
- * MAKE IT COUNT,
PLAY IT STRAIGHT *
* DON'T LOOK BACK,
DON'T HESITATE *
- * WHEN YOU GO BIG TIME
- * WHAT YOU WANT,
WHAT YOU FEEL *
* NEVER QUIT
AND MAKE IT REAL *
- * WHEN YOU ROLL BIG TIME
- * OH-OH, OH-OH
- * HEY, HEY
- * LISTEN TO YOUR HEART NOW
- * DON'T YOU FEEL THE RUSH
- * UH-OH, UH-OH
* UH-OH, UH-OH
- * OH
- * GO AND SHAKE IT UP
* WHATCHA GOTTA LOSE
* GO AND MAKE YOUR LUCK
* WITH THE LIFE YOU CHOOSE
* IF YOU WANT IT ALL,
LAY IT ON THE LINE *
* IT'S THE ONLY LIFE YOU GOT
SO YOU GOT TO LIVE IT BIG TIME *
- MR. BITTERS,
WE ARE MOVING OUT.
- YES!
[upbeat music]
[horn tooting]
- NO, NOT OUT OF THE PALMWOODS.
[horn toots]
- OKAY, LOOK,
WE WANT OUR OWN APARTMENTS.
- ALL RIGHT, I WILL NEED
A SECURITY DEPOSIT,
FIRST AND LAST MONTHS' RENT,
KEY FEE,
A PARKING FEE,
AND A FEE-FEE
FOR TOTAL OF $7,002 EACH.
[together]
I'M SO OUT OF HERE, MAN.
DON'T TALK TO ME.
- HEY, BITTERS,
I'M FINALLY TAKING
THAT KAYAK TOUR
AROUND THE WORLD,
SO I WON'T BE NEEDING THESE.
- HAVE A PALMWOODS TIME.
- HAVE YOU GUYS BEEN FIGHTING
AGAIN?
- IT WAS A MILD SKIRMISH.
- I THOUGHT I TOLD YOU GUYS
TO GO OUTSIDE AND PLAY.
- MOM, WE'RE NOT EIGHT ANYMORE,
AND THE NEW VIDEO GAME WE BOUGHT
IS INSIDE,
AND WE'LL BE FINE.
- ARRGH.
- HOW BAD WAS IT?
- THEY PACKED THEIR SUITCASES
AND MOVED OUT.
- THEY MOVED OUT?
- I DON'T KNOW WHY
WE'RE FIGHTING SO MUCH.
- IT'S STARTING.
- WHAT'S STARTING?
- YOU'RE GROWING APART
AND THIS FRIENDSHIP
WOULDN'T BE THE FIRST
TO BE DESTROYED
BY THE INTENSE PRESSURES
OF HOLLYWOOD.
- WELL, YOU KNOW WHAT?
THAT'S NOT GONNA HAPPEN TO US.
AND YOU KNOW WHY?
BECAUSE I HAVE A PLAN.
- YOU'RE GONNA GET GUSTAVO
TO YELL AT THEM
AND MAKE THEM MOVE BACK?
- AND NOW IF HAVE A BETTER PLAN.
THANKS, KATIE.
- LOOK, THE NEW ALBUM
IS CALLED ALL OVER AGAIN,
SO I WANT THIS TOUR TO BE CALLED
THE "ALL OVER THE WORLD TOUR."
- YEAH, WELL,
GERMANY WON'T CALL US BACK,
AND AUSTRALIA WON'T ANSWER
ANY OF OUR EMAIL.
- AHHH.
- GUSTAVO,
WE HAVE A PROBLEM.
- I KNOW.
WE'RE BOOKING OUR WORLD TOUR,
AND THE WORLD
WON'T CALL US BACK.
- ACTUALLY, NO.
ME AND THE GUYS
GOT IN A HUGE FIGHT,
AND THEY MOVED OUT.
[together]
THEY MOVED OUT?
- YEAH, SO CAN YOU YELL AT THEM
AND GET THEM TO COME BACK
SO WE CAN BE FRIENDS AGAIN?
- YES, BECAUSE I DO NOT NEED
THIS BAND BREAKING UP
BEFORE OUR
SOON-TO-BE WORLD TOUR.
PLUS,
I LOVE TO YELL.
- CAN YOU PLEASE NOT SPIKE
A BANANA PEEL?
AND PICK THAT UP BEFORE YOU SLIP
ON IT AND THROW YOUR BACK OUT.
- OH, PLEASE.
THAT ONLY HAPPENS IN CARTOONS.
[back cracking]
- [gasps]
- MY BACK.
- OH, THIS LOOKS BAD.
- YEAH.
- I CAN'T MOVE...OR YELL.
- MAYBE IT'S NOT SO BAD.
- OH, YES, IT IS, BECAUSE HE
NEEDS TO GET TO THE PALMWOODS
SO HE CAN FIX US.
- [whispering] KENDALL,
YOU HAVE TO DO IT YOURSELF.
YOU HAVE TO KEEP
THIS BAND TOGETHER.
AND, KELLY, CALL DOC HOLLYWOOD.
- YOU KNOW, I'VE NEVER HEARD HIM
WHISPER BEFORE.
- [whispering]
I WILL DESTROY ALL OF YOU.
- OH, OKAY.
OKAY, OKAY.
- KENDALL,
SO NOT NICE TO SEE YOU.
NOW, GET OFF MY LAWN, PLEASE.
THANK YOU.
- THERE IS NO LAWN.
AND WHAT IS THIS?
- AHH, I ALWAYS WANTED A PLACE
BY THE WATER.
IT'S SO PEACEFUL AND DOESN'T
HAVE ANY OF MY...EX-FRIENDS.
- LOOK, WILL YOU JUST COME BACK
TO THE CRIB,
AND WE CAN FIGURE THIS OUT?
BECAUSE YOU CAN'T LIVE
IN A CABANA YOUR WHOLE LIFE.
- NO, BUT...
THE CABANA SIGN-IN SHEET
GOES UP TO TWO YEARS,
AND LOOK AT WHO'S BOOKED IT.
- HUH?
- ME.
- OHHH.
- NOW, GET OFF MY LAWN, HMM?
- THERE IS NO LAWN,
AND I'M SORRY
THAT WE WERE FIGHTING.
BUT WHAT WILL IT TAKE TO GET YOU
TO COME BACK TO THE CRIB?
- I WANT CARLOS AND JAMES
TO APOLOGIZE TOO.
THEN--HMM--I'LL THINK ABOUT IT.
- DONE.
HEY, DO YOU HAPPEN TO KNOW
WHERE THEY ARE?
- I DON'T CARE, BUT CARLOS DID
SAY HE ALWAYS WANTED A PLACE
OVERLOOKING THE PARK.
- WHO IS IT?
- IT'S KENDALL.
- I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
[footsteps tapping]
[door squeaking open
and shutting]
[footsteps tapping]
- WHAT DO YOU WANT?
- HMM, I WANT YOU TO MOVE BACK
INTO THE CRIB
AND TO NOT LIVE IN A BOX.
- WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
THIS BOX HOUSE IS AWESOME.
I'VE GOT A LOVELY VIEW
OF THE PARK,
MY OWN BATHROOM,
AND A MODERN KITCHEN.
[timer dings]
OOH, ONE SECOND.
COOKIE?
[sniffs]
- OKAY,
SO YOUR BOX HOUSE IS COOL,
BUT SO IS THE CRIB
WITH A SWIRLY SLIDE
AND VIDEO GAMES
AND BEST FRIENDS,
AND IF YOU JUST APOLOGIZE
TO LOGAN,
WE CAN ALL BE BEST FRIENDS
AGAIN.
- NO, NOT UNTIL JAMES
APOLOGIZES TO ME
FOR TOSSING MY HELMET CEREAL
- YEAH, WELL, THAT'S A PROBLEM,
BECAUSE NOBODY KNOWS
WHERE JAMES...IS.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- RETIRING.
RETIRING FROM THE CRIB,
THE FIGHTS,
AND MY FORMER FRIENDS.
- WHOSE PLACE IS THIS?
- DOES IT MATTER?
- IT MIGHT.
- HERE'S WHAT MATTERS.
MOVING OUT OF THE CRIB
AND INTO HERE
WAS MY BEST MOVE EVER.
I CLAP,
AND THINGS HAPPEN.
[claps]
[light jazzy music]
AND I DON'T NEED TO SHARE
MY HARD CANDIES WITH ANYONE.
- AND YOU HAVE NO FRIENDS HERE.
- WRONG AGAIN.
OOH.
- SENIOR ALERT.
IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
- OH, YEAH.
EVERYTHING'S GREAT.
THANK YOU.
HOW ARE YOU TODAY?
- OH, UH, I'M GOOD.
THANKS.
- OKAY.
OKAY, I DON'T KNOW WHY
WE'RE FIGHTING SO MUCH,
BUT WE HAVE BEEN FRIENDS
FOREVER,
AND WE HAVE A MAYBE WORLD TOUR
COMING UP,
SO WOULD YOU PLEASE APOLOGIZE
TO CARLOS
SO THAT WE CAN APOLOGIZE
TO LOGAN,
AND DON'T SAY YOU'LL ONLY DO IT
IF LOGAN APOLOGIZES
TO YOU FIRST.
I SAID NOT TO SAY THAT.
ARRGH.
- WHY AM I ON THIS TABLE?
- DOC HOLLYWOOD SAID YOU HAVE TO
LIE FLAT ON A HARD SURFACE.
- WHERE IS DOC HOLLYWOOD?
- SHOOTING HIS REALITY SERIES,
BUT HE SAID HE'S SENDING OVER
THE BEST IN THE BUSINESS.
- AND THAT WOULD BE ME,
CHANTAL, ALTERNATIVE HEALER
AND SPIRITUAL ADVISOR
TO THE STARS.
- NO, NO, NO.
NO ROBE-Y QUACKS.
- THAT'S WHAT JOHNNY DEPP SAID
UNTIL I CURED HIS HALITOSIS...
WITH MY PALMS.
- CURE ME.
I HAVE TO GET UP AND GET OUR
ALMOST WORLD TOUR GOING.
AUGH.
- 70% OF ALL AILMENTS
ARE IN THE MIND,
SO WE MUST TRICK THIS MIND
INTO GETTING HIM OFF THIS TABLE.
- AUUUGH!
crash!
- OKAY, NOW WE KNOW
IT'S NOT IN HIS MIND.
[gong resounds]
[rock music]
*
- I MISS THEM, BUT AT LEAST
I GET THE PLATINUM CONTROLLER.
- YOU WERE TOO NICE TO THEM.
- KATIE,
THEY'RE MY BEST FRIENDS.
- YOU HAVE TO MANIPULATE THEM.
- GO ON.
- THEY WANT APOLOGIES?
THEN GIVE THEM APOLOGIES.
- BUT THEY WON'T APOLOGIZE.
- AND THAT'S WHERE MANIPULATION
COMES IN.
- IF CARLOS IS SO SORRY,
WHY DOESN'T HE COME HERE
AND SAY SO HIMSELF, HUH?
- YOU KNOW CARLOS AND HIS PRIDE.
BUT HE TOLD ME TO TELL YOU THAT
HE'S MAKING YOU A SPECIAL LUNCH
TO SHOW YOU JUST HOW SORRY
HE IS.
- JAMES WANTS TO MAKE ME
A SPECIAL LUNCH?
WHY DOESN'T HE JUST TELL ME
HE'S SORRY?
- OH,
YOU KNOW HIM AND HIS PRIDE.
- WHAT'S HE MAKING ME?
- A NICE HEALTHY SALAD.
- WELL...
LOGAN DOES KNOW
I PREFER A LIGHT LUNCH.
- AND YOU KNOW HE'S GOT
A LOT OF PRIDE,
SO I WOULDN'T EVEN MENTION
THE APOLOGY
AND JUST ENJOY THE LUNCH
HE MADE YOU.
- HMM.
- SOUNDS LIKE A NICE LUNCH,
JAMES.
- THIS IS REALLY GOOD.
- YOU KNOW HOW MUCH
I LOVE TOAST.
- AND HAS ANYONE NOTICED
THAT IT'S BEEN FIVE MINUTES,
AND WE HAVEN'T FOUGHT?
- YEAH.
YOU KNOW, I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHY
WE FOUGHT IN THE FIRST PLACE.
[together]
I KNOW. DITTO.
- SO LET'S ALL RENEW
OUR FRIENDSHIP
WITH A LITTLE
BIO HAZARD BATTLE BLASTING
AND NEVER FIGHT AGAIN.
[together]
YES! WHOO!
[all arguing]
- PUT DOWN THE LAPTOP RIGHT NOW.
- NO, YOU TELL HIM
TO PUT DOWN MY HELMET.
- NOT UNTIL I GET
MY LUCKY COMB BACK.
OH, YOU MEAN THIS COMB?
[all arguing]
- WELL, COUNTING LUNCH, YOU MADE
IT 6 MINUTES WITHOUT FIGHTING.
- SO IT'S GETTING BETTER,
RIGHT?
NOT THE PLATINUM CONTROLLER.
[light jazzy music]
- I DON'T KNOW WHY
WE'RE FIGHTING SO MUCH.
- YOU'RE GROWING APART.
MOST ADOLESCENT FRIENDSHIPS
EVENTUALLY DECAY
DUE TO DISTRUST AND--
- I MEAN, LAST WEEK,
WE WERE SINGING
AND GETTING READY
FOR A MIGHT-BE WORLD TOUR,
AND NOW WE'RE NOT EVEN TALKING.
- WHY DON'T YOU JUST BE HONEST
WITH THEM
AND TELL THEM HOW MUCH
YOU MISS THEM?
- UH, YEAH,
GUYS DON'T DO THAT, MOM.
- OH, YEAH,
BUT THE MANIPULATION THING
WORKED OUT REAL WELL FOR YA.
- YEAH,
WHY DID YOU DO THAT?
- WELL, HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO
GET THEM ALL TOGETHER
TO SAY ANYTHING?
- WITH LOVE.
LOVE FIXES LOTS OF THINGS,
OKAY?
- YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU'RE RIGHT, BECAUSE
THE ONE THING WE ALL LOVE IS...
BIO HAZARD BATTLE BLAST 5.
I'LL CREATE THE ULTIMATE
TOURNAMENT OF CHAMPIONS
CHALLENGE
THAT THEY HAVE TO COME BACK
TO THE CRIB FOR.
- OR YOU COULD GO OUTSIDE
AND PLAY.
- NAH,
MY WAY IS BETTER.
- UGH.
[telephones ringing]
- WELL,
WHAT ABOUT SWITZERLAND?
THEY LIKE EVERYTHING.
- NOT BIG TIME RUSH,
NOR FINLAND OR NORWAY.
- I JUST NEED ONE
INTERNATIONAL CITY TO MAKE IT
THE ALL OVER THE WORLD TOUR.
AUGH.
- WHAT YOU NEED
IS TO FREE YOUR MIND
FROM ALL ITS NEGATIVITY
AND LET THE HOT HEALING STONES
OF HEALING
DRAW OUT THE PAIN IN YOUR BACK.
- WELL,
THE STONES AREN'T EVEN HOT.
- MY BAD.
- WHOA, WHOA, NO FLAME.
- BACK OFF.
- AUUGH.
THIS CURED THE QUEEN'S ECZEMA.
- OOF, OOF, OOF, OOF.
- GIVE IT TO ME.
- AUUUGH!
[doorbell rings]
[doorbell continues ringing]
[claps]
[light jazzy music]
- [yawns]
BILLS, BILLS...
URGENT PLEA FROM ROB LOWE.
WHAT'S THIS?
"DO YOU HAVE
WHAT IT TAKES TO WIN
"THE ULTIMATE BIO HAZARD
BATTLE BLAST 5 TOURNAMENT
OF CHAMPIONS CHALLENGE?"
- "WHERE: THE CRIB.
"WHEN: 3:00.
BE THERE
AND WIN THE ULTIMATE PRIZE."
- I SWORE I'D NEVER
GO BACK THERE
OR TALK TO THEM AGAIN.
- YEAH, JAMES, MY SUPERVISOR
SAID I CAN'T TALK TO YOU ANYMORE
UNLESS IT'S A REAL EMERGENCY.
- WAIT.
THIS IS AN EMERGENCY.
I'M LONELY.
[telephone rings]
- KELLY WAINRIGHT,
B.T.R. TOUR MANAGER.
- [groans]
- YES!
- WHAT?
AUGH!
OW.
- WE ARE PLAYING VANCOUVER,
CANADA,
WHICH MEANS B.T.R.'S
ALL OVER THE WORLD TOUR...IS ON.
- YES!
OHHH. AUGH.
- TECHNICALLY,
THAT'S A NORTH AMERICAN TOUR.
YOU NEED TO PLAY ANOTHER
CONTINENT FOR A WORLD TOUR.
- NOT HELPING.
AUGH!
- AND YOU NEED TO FIX HIM,
SO HE CAN MOVE AGAIN.
- MY RECORD IS PERFECT,
BUT MY POSITIVE VIBES
HAVE NEVER FACED
SUCH NEGATIVE BLOCKS BEFORE.
OOOH-AHH.
- LOOK, OUR ALBUM
IS CALLED ALL OVER AGAIN,
SO DO WHAT YOU'RE DOING
ALL OVER AGAIN UNTIL HE'S FIXED.
- THEN I WILL RESORT TO MORE
WESTERN CHIROPRACTIC METHODS.
- EHH, OHH, AHH.
- I'LL CRACK THE VERTEBRA,
THEREBY CREATING A SPACE
TO LET THE GOOD VIBES IN.
- HUH?
AHHH!
- OKAY,
THIS GUY'S BASICALLY UNHEALABLE.
- I'M GONNA BE
ON MY BACK FOREVER
WITH NO WORLD TOUR.
- WAIT, PERHAPS IF CHANTAL
USES AN UNORTHODOX METHOD
TO HEAL HIM.
- UHH?
- NO, NO, NO.
NO ACUPUNCTURE.
- ACTUALLY,
I'M THE SPIRITUAL ADVISOR
TO SIR HUGE CONCERT PROMOTER
IN ENGLAND,
AND I'M SIMPLY
GOING TO ADVISE HIM
TO BOOK A BIG TIME RUSH CONCERT
IN LONDON.
- YES!
MY BACK.
IT'S HEALED.
- AND AS LONG AS KENDALL'S
HEALED THE GUYS' FRIENDSHIP...
BIG TIME RUSH IS GOING
ON A WORLD TOUR.
- IT'S 3:05.
THEY'RE NOT COMING.
- HEY, FIRST THING TOMORROW,
WE'RE GONNA GO TO THE MALL
AND GET YOU SOME NEW FRIENDS.
[all arguing]
- HEY,
WHERE'S THE PRIZE?
- YEAH, THE FLYER SAYS
WE CAN WIN THE ULTIMATE PRIZE,
SO WHERE IS IT?
- THE PRIZE IS OUR FRIENDSHIP.
- I HATE THAT PRIZE.
NOW,
I AM WALKING OUT OF HERE.
- SAME HERE.
- FINE, WALK OUT ON A LIFETIME
OF FRIENDSHIP
BECAUSE OF ONE BAD WEEK.
- I SMELL SPEECH.
- [sniffs]
I HATE THAT SMELL.
- [whispers]
I HATE YOU.
- HEY.
- CARLOS,
WHO TUTORED YOU IN MATH
EVERY NIGHT WHEN YOU
WERE STRUGGLING IN ALGEBRA?
- [silently]
- LOGAN.
- AND, LOGAN,
WHO WAS THERE TO PROTECT YOU
WHEN YOU CALLED THE
WRESTLING TEAM JERKS IN LATIN?
- JAMES.
- BUT GLADIATORIS ES STUPIDES.
JUST SAYING.
- AND, JAMES, WHO RAN 2 MILES
TO THE NEAREST DRUGSTORE
WHEN YOU RAN OUT OF HAIR GEL
IN THE SIXTH GRADE DANCE?
- [sighs]
CARLOS.
HERE'S YOUR HELMET BACK.
- OHH.
- HERE'S YOUR LUCKY COMB.
- OOH.
- OOH, UH, HERE'S YOUR LAPTOP.
- YOU KNOW WHAT?
JUST KEEP IT.
- YOU KNOW,
I STILL DON'T KNOW WHY
WE'VE BEEN FIGHTING
THIS WHOLE TIME.
[together]
BUT IT STOPS NOW.
- FINALLY.
SO WHO WANTS TO PLAY
BIO HAZARD BATTLE BLAST 5?
[all arguing]
- THEY'RE FIGHTING AGAIN.
- I DON'T GET IT.
WE WERE JUST GONNA PLAY A GAME.
A GAME.
IT'S THE GAME.
THE FIGHTING STARTED LAST WEEK
WHEN WE BOUGHT THE GAME.
- HE MIGHT HAVE A POINT.
- THINK ABOUT IT.
- AH, LOOK WHO'S RANKED HIGHER
THAN CARLITOS42
ON THE PAGE FIVE LEADERBOARD.
NICE.
- AUUUGH!
[all arguing]
- OH, REALLY?
[together]
AUUGH!
- OKAY, BUT WAIT.
WHAT ABOUT MY CEREAL HELMET?
- WELL, I WAS SITTING
AT THE COUNTER
WHEN I THOUGHT ABOUT
HOW MY CEREAL
LOOKED LIKE THE SURFACE
OF RING DAR SEVEN,
AND THAT REMINDED ME
HOW CARLOS WOULDN'T SHARE
ANY OF HIS RING DAR
POWER CRYSTALS
IN OUR EARLIER CAMPAIGN,
SO I TOOK IT OUT ON HIS HELMET.
- AUUUGH!
- HUH?
WELL, THAT MAKES SENSE.
- ARE YOU GUYS FIGHTING AGAIN?
I SWEAR I AM GONNA TAKE
THAT VIDEO GAME AWAY FROM YOU.
[together] TAKE IT.
WE'RE ARE DONE WITH THIS.
- GOOD.
SO NOW MAYBE YOU WILL FINALLY
GO OUTSIDE AND PLAY.
- MOM, WE'RE NOT EIGHT.
- DUST OFF YOUR PASSPORTS,
'CAUSE BIG TIME RUSH'S
ALL OVER THE WORLD TOUR IS A GO.
[together]
OHHH. YES.
- WITH TOUR DATES IN THE U.S.,
CANADA, AND LONDON.
- WHOO!
[together]
WE'RE GOING TO ENGLAND?
- AND WE NEED TO START
REHEARSAL NOW.
- OKAY.
[together] LOOKS LIKE
WE'RE PLAYING OUTSIDE.
- * OH, OHHHH
- * STILL GOT THAT SAME LOOK
THAT SETS ME OFF *
* GUESS THERE'S JUST SOMETHING
ABOUT YOU *
* I'VE GOT THESE FEELINGS
TO LET IT SHOW *
* 'CAUSE I WOULDN'T LET YOU GO
* I SHOULDN'T HAVE LET YOU GO
- * YOU ASKED ME
FOR CLOSURE BEFORE *
* AND GIRL I TOLD YOU
IT'S OVER *
* IT'S OVER
* IT'S NOT OVER
* SO HERE WE GO AGAIN YEAH
all: * IT'S LIKE I'M FALLING
IN LOVE ALL OVER AGAIN *
* FOR THE FIRST TIME
AND I KNOW THAT IT FEELS RIGHT *
* I THINK I'M FALLING IN LOVE
ALL OVER AGAIN *
* LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT
* DO YOU KNOW HOW I FEEL
* TO THE LEFT, LEFT, LEFT
* ON THE RIGHT, RIGHT, RIGHT
* TO THE BACK, BACK, BACK
* ON THE SIDE, SIDE, SIDE
* TO THE LEFT, LEFT, LEFT
* ON THE RIGHT, RIGHT, RIGHT
* TO THE BACK, BACK, BACK
* ON THE SIDE, SIDE,
SIDE TONIGHT *
- * BABY THERE'S SOMETHING
THAT YOU DID *
* TO HOLD ME ON
* MAYBE THERE'S JUST SOMETHING
THAT JUST KEEPS ME *
* FROM MOVING ON
- * YOUR LOVE IS STATIC
* IT PULLS ME IN
* LIKE A SONG
WHEN IT FIRST BEGINS *
* I'M READY TO GO YEAH
all: * IT'S LIKE I'M FALLING
IN LOVE ALL OVER AGAIN *
* FOR THE FIRST TIME
AND I KNOW THAT IT FEELS RIGHT *
* I THINK I'M FALLING IN LOVE
ALL OVER AGAIN *
* LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT
* DO YOU KNOW HOW I FEEL
* TO THE LEFT, LEFT, LEFT
* ON THE RIGHT, RIGHT, RIGHT
* TO THE BACK, BACK, BACK
* ON THE SIDE, SIDE, SIDE
* TO THE LEFT, LEFT, LEFT
* ON THE RIGHT, RIGHT, RIGHT
* TO THE BACK, BACK, BACK
* ON THE SIDE, SIDE,
SIDE TONIGHT *
[cheers and applause]
- I LOVE IT
WHEN THEY PLAY OUTSIDE.
- BIG TIME RUSH WORLD TOUR,
HERE WE COME.
[cheers and applause]
- * STEP IT UP,
GET IN GEAR *
* GO FOR BROKE,
MAKE IT CLEAR *
- * GOT TO GO BIG TIME
- * HEY, HEY
- * MAKE IT WORK,
GET IT RIGHT *
* CHANGE THE WORLD OVERNIGHT
- * GOT TO DREAM BIG TIME
- * OH-OH, OH-OH
- * HEY, HEY
- * GIVE IT ALL YOU GOT NOW
- * ISN'T IT A RUSH
- * OH-OH, OH-OH
* OH-OH, OH-OH
- * GO AND SHAKE IT UP
* WHATCHA GOTTA LOSE
* GO AND MAKE YOUR LUCK
WITH THE LIFE YOU CHOOSE *
* IF YOU WANT IT ALL,
LAY IT ON THE LINE *
* IT'S THE ONLY LIFE YOU GOT
SO YOU GOT TO LIVE IT BIG TIME *